# Rocket.chat AMA Archive

Questions asked on the ICONOMI Rocket.chat on the #amaquestions channel are answered by the team. However these answers may over time become difficult to find due to the continuous scrolling nature of the Rocket.chat. As such, answered questions will be archived on this page for posterity and ease of reference.
  
Questions | Answers 
---|---
When do you envision any user, big or small, being able to use the fiat gateway for deposits? | The first stage of the fiat ramp-up will be ready this month. We'll explain the process in more detail in a blog post, so stay tuned.
Has Rocket.Chat became what ICONOMI expected from it? | In short, the answer is "yes", especially from a security standpoint. Since the ICONOMI ICO, we've witnessed an evolution of our community and chat platforms, which is common for all companies, regardless of whether they are blockchain-based or not. We have to constantly adjust our communication streams and determine where our current and potential users are spending time. Rocket.Chat has allowed us to create a *safe, structured environment for our users*, which was our main reason for migrating, and we love to see your engagement in the conversation. We are also constantly considering your feedback about what improvements you would like to see, which is part of the reason we just created the #random channel for random and off-topic conversations (thanks @ironjack for the suggestion).
Will ICN tokens ever be purchasable on the platform? | Once purchasing digital assets individually is available on the platform this will be a possibility, but no final decisions have been made.
Recently one of our higher profile DAA managers William Mougayar announced he is starting his own blockchain investment firm. In any company attrition can be expected. Is iconomi working to figure out what the leading causes of attrition are on the platform and putting processes and features in place to prevent it (please give an example if one exists)? | DAA managers want more coins and more possibilities for active trading. As you probably noticed, we are currently in the process of adding ten new coins to the platform, many of which were heavily requested by DAA managers. We are also upgrading our management interface to provide the features managers want. In short, we are consistently moving toward being able to satisfy all of our managers desires for the platform, but we can't do so all at once. As platform functionality and coin selection grows, the attrition rate will decrease accordingly.
What ratio of future marketing will there be towards large investors vs. average users? For example, 50/50, 80/20, etc? | As time goes on, we will continue leaning further in the direction of targeting average users, though we will also continue to appeal to larger investors and institutions. Our landing page redesign was one example of this move toward targeting the average user. Additionally, DAA managers are already starting to launch their own marketing campaigns, which will be conducted according to their own standards and may have different segments in mind.
Why isn't there any mention of the ICN Token on Iconomi's Homepage? Not even on the About Us page. I believe that you owe it to your Supporters/Investors who bought the ICO that there is a clear explanation on how Iconomi was funded in the first place and the value the ICN Token represents. | We're planning a separate page on our website where we will include more information on our company history as well as topics like the ICN token. We don't have a timeframe for this yet, but it's a higher-priority item for the comms department.
Did people already apply to use the fiat gateway OTC deal? | Yes! Since the announcement, we are already in discussions with several users who have expressed interest in making OTC deals.
Iconomi team is it possible to make a new Marketing channel in Rocket Chat to communicate marketing actions and propose new ideas, even marketing actions of other cryptocurrencies that we see interesting for Iconomi? Thanks. | This is something we'll consider for the future, but for now we don't want to have too many channels and dilute the content.
